Ammended dot net tool install instructions to include --version (#2819)
GitTools/GitVersion: docs/input/docs/usage/cli/installation.md

[`GitVersion.Tool`][tool] by executing the following in a terminal:

```shell

> dotnet tool install --global GitVersion.Tool --version x.x.x

Reviewer: Perhaps it's possible to inject the latest version of GitVersion to use here instead of `x.x.x`?

Reviewer 2: `dotnet tool install --global GitVersion.Tool --version 5.*` should suffice, yes?
That would always fetch the latest stable release from major version 5 and up.

Reviewer: Yes, good compromise.

```

> Where x.x.x is the version suggested here: https://www.nuget.org/packages/GitVersion.Tool/

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you want to pin to a specific version of GitVersion, you can find the available
versions of [`GitVersion.Tool` on NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/GitVersion.Tool/).
```
